docs/final-report.md, before:

# Final Report

**⚠️  Remember to also fill in the individual final reports for each group member at `https://github.com/jhu-oose/2019-student-<identifier>/blob/master/final-report.md`.**

**⚠️  You don’t need to do anything special to submit this final report—it’ll be collected along with Iteration 6.**

# Revisiting the Project Proposal & Design

<!--
How did the Project Proposal & Design documents help you develop your project?

What changed in your project since you wrote the initial version of those documents?
-->

# Challenges & Victories

<!--
In software engineering things rarely go as planned: tools don’t work as we expect, deadlines aren’t met, debugging sessions run longer than we hoped for, and so forth.

What were some of the biggest challenges you found when developing your project? How did you overcome them?
-->

# Experience with Tools

<!--
Which tools did you learn to like? Why?

Which tools did you learn to dislike? Why? And what other tools would you have replaced them with if you were to start all over again?
-->

# Iteration 7 & Beyond

<!--
Where would you take your project from here? What features would you add to make your application even more awesome? How would you prioritize that work?

Update the project board with tasks for a hypothetical Iteration 7.
-->

# A Final Message to Your Advisor

<!--
What did you like in working with them?

What do you think they need to improve?

And anything else you’d like to say.
-->

Commit message:

Started on final-report
feel free to change things

docs/final-report.md, after:

# Final Report

**⚠️  Remember to also fill in the individual final reports for each group member at `https://github.com/jhu-oose/2019-student-<identifier>/blob/master/final-report.md`.**

**⚠️  You don’t need to do anything special to submit this final report—it’ll be collected along with Iteration 6.**

# Revisiting the Project Proposal & Design

<!--
How did the Project Proposal & Design documents help you develop your project?

What changed in your project since you wrote the initial version of those documents?
-->

# Challenges & Victories

The main problem with our group on this project was inertia. We had a relatively strong start, and we were able to get the map up and running quickly, and started interacting with it shortly after.

However, after constant problems with the server and the database and problems with the API, it seemed like nothing was working. Progress and motivation for the project just came to a crawl 
while we tried to get the bare minimum over the line for every iteration. This caused us all to start working on our own branches and own ideas in the repository, and by the time we all started to get
a hang of things, we had an entangled mess of confused branches each with half-baked codebases that was a mess to merge together. It wasn't until the very end that we really started to gel as a team 
and get into a clean ryhthm/workflow, but at that point there was only so much time to get features and fixes in.

Despite this, we did a lot of great work and had a lot of really tough problems that we solved in this project together.

<!--
In software engineering things rarely go as planned: tools don’t work as we expect, deadlines aren’t met, debugging sessions run longer than we hoped for, and so forth.

What were some of the biggest challenges you found when developing your project? How did you overcome them?
-->

# Experience with Tools

<!--
Which tools did you learn to like? Why?

Which tools did you learn to dislike? Why? And what other tools would you have replaced them with if you were to start all over again?
-->

# Iteration 7 & Beyond

<!--
Where would you take your project from here? What features would you add to make your application even more awesome? How would you prioritize that work?

Update the project board with tasks for a hypothetical Iteration 7.
-->

# A Final Message to Your Advisor

<!--
What did you like in working with them?

What do you think they need to improve?

And anything else you’d like to say.
-->
